Quite some power and this from a four-cylinder.
You've probably been waiting for this car
for quite a while, at least the enthusiasts did.
Today we're in the new BMW 3-series.
Initially it'll reach the market with
two versions: diesel and gasoline.
We're currently driving the 328i.
The 328i is BMW's new four-cylinder engine
that we've somewhat become acquainted too.
It's supposed to replace the
six-cylinder entry engine.
It's got 245 bhp produced
by a twin-power turbo engine.
With 350 Nm at a mere 1250 rpm,
the torque is quite nice too.
And because it's got a
eight-speed automatic gear...
... you've always got your
full torque available.
Making it a nice and exciting car.
The engine doesn't sound very extravagant.
But it doesn't sound bad either.
From the inside it sounds less good
than from the outside.
The cameraman made the clever remark that
the engine has been made to...
... make it look like a six cylinder is driving by,
from the outside that is.
But of course what you're interested in,
how's the steering?
Kind of nice, it feels somewhat lighter and
more sensitive compared to the old 3-series.
A relative of mine has one of those,
so I've driven it for quite some time.
This just feels more agile and fresh.
The strange thing is, is that this car has
increased in length, almost 10 cm (4")...
... which greatly benefits the rear passengers
because they’ve got more legroom now.
Although it has increased, it still feels rather
nice and small and compact.
The new 3-series is available
in three different lines.
The luxury, comfort and sport line.
Of course we're driving the sport line,
this also matches the 328i's sporty image.
This means that it looks more sportive,
quite logical actually.
Gloss ornamental exhausts for instance.
Black strips around the windows.
In the interior there is a nice red piano strip.
Nice red...
There's a red strip.
Red strip.
We don't really like it because it's not the
same red as the car we're driving.
This car's got all kind of different driving modes.
There's the sportive steering, the comfortable steering...
... there's sport plus that disables part of the traction control
so you can play a bit without it becoming dangerous.
And there's the eco pro mode.
Not very exciting, quick switching, multigrain stuff.
Hi!
There's a nice sensor somewhere over here,
can't really find it.
If you kick underneath, it'll make the
trunk pop open.
Sometimes.
Now we're down here anyway,
those black exhaust pieces.
They are specially made for the sport line.
It looks rather nice.
Unfortunately we don't know yet what price
the 328i is going to get in the Netherlands.
But I do know it'll do
0-100 km/h (0-62 m/h) in 5.9 seconds.
Which I'm going to do one more time.